gh-144217: Add dicom support (medical imaging) to mimetypes (#144218)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-01-25-03-23-20.gh-issue-144217.E1wVXH.rst

> Added support for DICOM files (for medical imaging) with the official MIME type application/dicom. This feature was added by Benedikt Johannes.

Reviewer: The rest of the PR looks good. Here are just some general fixups based on common patterns we use for writing blurb entries:
```suggestion
:mod:`mimetypes`: Add support for DICOM files (for medical imaging) with the official MIME type ``application/dicom``. Patch by Benedikt Johannes.
```
